everybody its Mercedes diesel guy and if
you've been following my past couple of
videos you'll know I've been trying to
get the Mercedes out of the garage here
so I can put the van into storage so
this will be the cars first start up in
a year and a half
wish me luck hopefully I can get the car
out of the garage and and move things
around out there and get the van in here
well that didn't quite work the starter
not actually broke off the deck well I
spend a few minutes rigging up something
that I hope will work like I said that
plastic knob just snapped off on me so
well maybe the car just really doesn't
want us hunter now we'll see what
happens here ever gonna cycle the
Bowflex here for you know 20 30 seconds
or so okay here goes nothing
that wasn't starting to much better than
this when I bought it
most likely it's a combination of just
having sad and old fuel in there but
hopefully if I give this a few more
tries it'll go yeah all right here goes
nothing
okay well I'm going to call it quits
there no go for tonight calling it quits
now for the night so I'm going to yeah
you can probably see me now I think
around the block heater going to charge
the battery overnight we'll get back to
this tomorrow afternoon and you know
maybe I'll have better luck trying to
start the car then so I thank you for
all your patience I'm going to kind of a
lot of the blank space from this video
so when you're watching it you're gonna
say what blank space what does you're
talking about
that was the anything I just did for you
you're welcome
so you all have a good one and try to
get some more videos of this tomorrow
for you